Let's get back into the core Javascript features and there, let's dive deeper into functions.
We used functions quite a lot already,
they're everywhere,
they're a super important concept or construct. In Javascript and basically in any programming language
but there's more we can do or more different ways of configuring and using functions than what we covered
thus far. To be precise in this module, after a very brief refresher of what we already know about functions,
we'll dive into different ways of creating functions because there is more than the one single way we
know thus far.
We'll have a closer look at anonymous functions,
something I briefly touched on in the behind the scenes module but I didn't really explain what that
is and why we might want to use that and we'll do all of that in this module of course.
We'll have a look at callback functions and functions in functions,
yes that's possible, you can define a function inside of a function
and here we'll have a look at how that works and we'll have a look at default arguments and the so-called
Rest
operator, what that is and why we might want to use it.
And last but not least, there is a special built-in function you could say, a couple of built-in functions
actually, the bind function and some related functions and I'll touch on those and explain what they do
and why we could need them.
So with that, that's the content,
let's dive right in.